Narrator:
	Che cos'è il crollo? Semplice, è la fine di tutto. La morte senza pace, la morte senza senso. Indossate le maschere, bambini, e ignorate la melodia delle bombe.
-
	Your consciousness stirs as sound comes into focus. It’s coming from outside.
-
	You roll around in bed as your nerves slowly come back online from slumber, and your sense of smell brings in the brackish water of the canals, the floral breeze of various patios, and the mirad fried pastries and tarts that are being sold out of stands and bakeries nearby.
-
	Your memory returns to you as you process this unique potpourri, you are a tourist in the city of Venice during the Carnevale di Venezia.
-
	You open your eyes, revealing your hotel room.
-
	You have not been staying long, and that is evident in the relative cleanliness of this place. Your suitcases are still mostly unpacked.
-
	You stretch and stand up out of your bed.
-
	What do you do?
-
	You already did that.
-
	You shower and put on some clothes as the sounds of crowded streets and happy people flow in from your hotel room’s window.
-
	What kind of outfit do you put on?
-
	You check the time on your watch...
-
	It is currently 9:47 am.
-
	You take time to unpack your bags...
-
	You find 15 money in one of your bags!
-
	You decide to leave the room and explore the city.
-
	You put on the outfit, bright colors and tassles envelop you. You still leave a good amount of skin showing, naturally.
-
	You put on some jeans, a jacket, a t-shirt, and tennis shoes. You also get your water bottle, just in case.
-
	You put on sweatpants, a t-shirt, and flip flops. You massage the bags under your eyes lightly, and make a mental note to grab some coffee later.
-
	You put on an ornate mask you purchased for the carnival, along with a cloak. It feels nice, a bit itchy, but nice.
-
	You walk outside in your outfit, ready to seize the day!
After locking your door behind you, walking down the stairs, and grabbing a quick coffee from the complimentary breakfast buffet, you finally step out of the hotel into the surrounding street.
-
	You walk outside, still fully nude after your shower…
Either you forgot to put on clothes due to morning lethargy, or you are just a very aggressive nudist.
-
	Either way, as you walk out of your hotel room with a whistle, you hear screams and gasps of the simultaniously surprised and offended locals.
-
	One thing leads to another, and you eventually find yourself in the back of a police car, being driven off to the nearest station.
-
	Whoops.
-
	Bad Ending: Nudist
-
	The street is crowded, choked with people wearing costumes, eating food, and making conversation.

You try to get your bearings for long enough to make a choice on where you want to go, but the tight streets and waves of pedestrians eventually push you against your control.

You eventually stop trying to push against the people, letting them cart you away...
You find yourself in a large plaza, with stands and attractions filling the usually empty space.
People seem to be less clumped together here, which allows you enough space to ambulate of your own voliton.
You see a small stage, an inviting looking shopkeeper's stand, and a sign pointing to the canals.
Where do you go?
You walk up to the small stage...
It seems empty, like the show hasn't started yet.
You prepare to leave before...
{size=+10}Heeeellllloooo there!{/size}
You hear a voice.
Welcome, welcome, welcome! I am {color=#308CDD}Puck{/color}, performer, and adorer of anyone that will tolerate me.
The strange man bows in a dramatic flourish.
He seems incredibly obnoxious, but there is a sparkle of insight in his eyes.
He is more aware and sharp than he would like you to know.
How can I help you Signore and/or Signora?
How can I help you Signore and/or Signora?
Well friend, I have much to tell!
You can see Puck's demeanor change, like that of an unwinding spring.
He has wanted to talk to someone about his past for a very long time.
I started my life as a lowly butcher’s son, dreaming of the world outside my rural town in the Tuscan countryside.
I found my release in theatre and performance, but every night I was forced back into my humdrum home.
Thats why I hatched a plan… I tricked my father into leaving his keys on the table then used a distraction to draw him outside and buy me enough time to take his car and drive off on the open road!
Freedom was mine at last!
I found others on the road who shared my view on art and life, and we formed a quaint theater company together: ‘La compagnia dello specchio e della mente!’
‘The company of mirror and mind’!
You see fire in his eyes, but behind that… something else…
Sadness. His memories of his company are stained by some kind of old wound, some old mistake.
Yes, well. Nowadays, I find myself as more of a solo act than I used to be…
But nothing to feel sorrow over! All that matters is the future, eh amico?
The locals? Most people keep to themselves, but we are in venice, drama and love is never far.
If you are digging for gossip, I have heard on the breeze that a poor gondolier by the name of Path has fallen in love with a fair lady named Poem.
However, she is the daughter of Il Patriarca, who is known for excommunicating any boy who shows a glimmer of interest in his daughter.
I hope those two lovebirds figure it out, but I have seen many a boy in Path’s position.
It never ends well.
The show is going to be in four hours, please come back later!
It is going to be a thrilling tale of love, triumphant over dark forces in the world!
A five act puppet show, with one actor in eight roles!
Sounds like an absolute trainwreck…
You should see it as soon as possible.
Goodbye, amico!
Have fun, and make the most of Carnevale before Lent rears it’s ugly head.
You approach the caravan stall…
It seems nobody is here.
There is a small bell on the counter, which is silhouetted by a visually impenetrable red curtain.
You tentatively approach the bell and ring it.
As the sound echos out, you hear a rustling behind the curtain…
A strange man in a porcelain mask and purple robes leans outward from the red curtain.
He speaks in a calm and tired yet rushed and irritated tone.
Yo, what do ya want?
Yo, what do ya want?
My name is {color=#AB2BE4}Pale{/color}, I am a merchant.
The agressively vague description bugs you.
You decide to ask him to tell you more.
Not much more to tell, pal.
My name is Pale, and I am a merchant.
Besides, this is not about me…
This is about you.
And what you want to buy from me.
‘Hint, Hint’.
The locals? Sure.
There are four locals you should care about:
Path, Poem, Puck, and Pray.
There, told you about the locals.
Anything else?
The strange man looks at you (or at least you presume he does) for a few seconds before responding.
Sure! If you wanna do some work for me, I'll give you money.
You can't do that again.
Cool! Hold this sign and yell at people so they buy stuff from me.
The strange man reaches behind the counter, hands you a small sign that just reads: ‘Pale’s Store, We Sell Things. No Refunds’.
You then do just that, waving the sign around and yelling at people…
Good job, I almost got a customer.
Here, have 165 money. You’ve kinda earned it.
Pale then hands you the aforementioned 165 money for three hours of work.
Certainly not the worst job in the world.
Oh, cool.
Not gonna do that though, sorry.
Offer stands if you wanna accept it later.
Enjoy the carnival, ciao.
You walk into the canals.
As you walk around a corner, you hear a kind of melodic humming.
It is strangely sincere, and you feel a sense of longing sadness with an undercurrent of joy.
You round the corner, and…
{size=+10}Oh!{/size}
You see a nervous gondalier, whose daydreams have been interrupted by your presence.
He seems kind, with a deep shyness in his demeanor.
Uh… bonjourno!
My name is {color=#DAC432}Path{/color}, I'm a gondolier.
How can I help you, signore/signora?
How can I help you, signore/signora?
The man shifts around uncomfortably.
Well, I’m twenty two, for starters.
Haha…
Um, I got this job from my father.
He and my mother are… {size=-5}gone{/size}.
But you know, doing this reminds me of times I spent as a kid!
My mother and father on the gondola with me, slowly moving through the canals… 
Path looks out at the water for a moment, both floral and sewage-scented, before meeting your gaze once more.
It’s a magical memory.
I’m so lucky… to be here...
To be alive.
The locals?
Theres a lot of wonderful people around here!
Especially Po-
He ‘catches’ himself and starts blushing.
E-especially Poem.
She is the daughter of the Patriarch of Venice, and the fairest lady in the city.
I’ve been trying to write her a letter ever since that night she took my gondola, but I haven't quite found the words…
I’m close though! That Pale guy sold me a nice pen, and ever since i’ve been writing the letter much more easily.
Sure! Its a flat rate of 65 money right now, while the carnival is in town.
Do you wanna go?
You don't have enough money.
You hand Path 65 money.
Thanks, let's get going!
You hop onto the gondola and give him your destination: a church that you have wanted to see as part of your vacation.
He starts taking you both through the canals…
Okay! Maybe another time.
Okay, talk to you later!
You start begging for money…
You got [beggingresult] money.
You currently have [money] money.
You got [beggingresult] money.
You currently have [money] money.
You got [beggingresult] money.
You currently have [money] money.
You got [beggingresult] money.
You currently have [money] money.
You pull into a small dock outside the church and Path ties the gondolier to a long wooden pole.
He seems uncomfortable around here, afraid of something…
Or someone.
He looks at you for a second, and an idea flashes through his eyes.
Hey, friend, could you do me a tiny favor?
Normally, you would consider whether or not to accept, but his sincerity wins you over and you blurt out a “sure, what is it?”
Can you deliver this letter to Poem?
If you are going to the church anyway I mean, she usually stays around there with her dad.
If you could just deliver this letter to her without letting her dad know, I’d be so grateful!
I’ll stop holding you up now, enjoy the church!
This part of this city is much less crowded than the plaza, but there are still pedestrians walking from to and fro.
You see the entrance to the church, a small park next to it with many benches, and the path to the canals where you came from.
Where do you go?
You walk into the church…
You walk over to the benches.
An ornate, astounding church meets you. 
You assume most people that usually worship here are out on the town, celebrating.
But that doesn’t mean the church is empty, you see a group of people wearing crosses talking in a corner.
At your look at them, one of the men whip their head around towards you.
He is wearing a red mask with no other affects of holiday celebration.
He walks up to you, with mild confusion.
Hello, my child.
I am {color=#962121}Pray{/color}, are you lost?
The church is not open right now, why are you here?
Do you need anything?
Do you need anything?
You see a expression of pride start to form on his mouth.
I am the current patriarch of venice, leader of the churches here and one of the four patriarchs of the latin catholic chuch. 
I am not in my full ceremonial robes right now, but I am tasked with a very high station.
Without forces like ours, venice would devolve morally.
That is why our jobs as representatives and administrators of the church matter so much…
We are the front line against…
As Pray continues talking, you start to zone out.
You think that you remember reading something about this somewhere…
You think that you remember something about an upcoming vote among the papacy, meaning that its possible Pray will lose his station soon.
You mention that to him, asking for more info.
He immediately stops talking.
Well… yes.
I have needed to… bend certain rules so that I could protect my daughter.
My collegues in the papacy believe that I have placed personal values over the goals of the church…
But I argue that expelling any filth from this city directly is aligned with our lord’s will.
The locals? 
I suppose they are out currently, gallivanting throughout the streets in costume.
Personally, I dislike this holiday.
I find it to be the wrong way to look at lent, seeing it as a sacrifice that must be endured rather than a choice to limit oneself.
Then again, human nature cannot truly be argued with I suppose.
{i}È così.{/i}
You hand him the letter and he takes it curiously.
He reads it to himself, growing redder by each line.
When he gets to the end, and sees that is addressed to his daughter, he scowls.
{size=+5}Who!{/size}
Who wrote this… sappy, deceptive piece of paper!
You ask him in what way it is deceptive.
All love letters are deceptive, no matter how beautifully worded.
You think young men write these out of true love?
A common misconception.
They write these to trick young women into dating them, at which point they mistreat, harm, and use her.
Young men are only concerned with feeding their own desires…
There is venom in his voice, but not the venom of guilt for past actions...
It is a hatred stemming from being hurt in the past, his fear for his daughter’s safety feels like it stems from an old violation of his safety.
Thank you for bringing this to me.
Who wrote this?
The gondolier?
I should have known… 
That boy is in serious trouble!
Pray storms out, the two people he was talking to look at each other in concern.
You realize that they look like a couple who were talking to Pray about wedding plans, and now that he has stormed out they are talking to themselves about rescheduling.
You follow Pray outside.
The performer?
Thats… unexpected.
I suppose stranger things have happened.
Pray storms out, the two people he was talking to look at each other in concern.
You realize that they look like two preists who were talking to him about lent plans, and now that he has stormed out they both roll their eyes and look at eachother.
You follow Pray outside.
{cps=15}BROKEN, SLIP UP, OFF SCRIPT
Understood, know that you are always welcome here, child.
You can see some people sitting here, either waiting for something/someone or just resting their legs.
Your eyes eventually move towards a gorgeous woman with a pink parasol.
She seems… sad.
It is a sadness that feels deeply rooted in her heart, like an old tree that sustains itself on eating her joy.
It is the sadness of a realization, or a horrible thought.
She turns to meet your gaze, and her expression changes to that of suprise.
She mouths something under her breath, and then quickly smiles that ‘nice’ sort of smile you offer a stranger or acquaintance.
Hello there.
How are you faring today?
Good! I’m glad.
She doesn’t expect that response, that is not how people are ‘supposed’ to respond to that question.
Oh…
Well, i’m sorry to hear that.
I…
Her smile disintegrates like a burning piece of wood, slowly and weakly.
I’m not feeling great either, to be honest.
I feel… like something is missing.
Like someone is missing.
I am without a love, without a person to talk to.
I feel dreadfully alone, incomplete.
I wish I knew someone who understood…
She gets lost in thought for a moment, before snapping back.
Sorry about that!
Is there something you would like to talk to me about?
My name is {color=#F4D0E5}Poem{/color}, I'm Pray’s daughter.
I am a professor of art, mostly painting with an impressionistic pointalism style.
I am struggling a bit in the inspiration front right now, as no subject or ideas are availing themselves to me.
In time, I suppose.
Ironic isn’t it? 
Being in one of the most beautiful cities in the world, during its most colorful celebration, and being at a loss for ideas?
At this, she chuckles without humor.
I, honestly, don’t know many of the locals. 
I’ve been staying with my father in this part of venice during the carnival, but my apartment is in Dorsoduro.
I haven’t really taken the time to meet anyone, but then again, not many people have been taking the time to meet me.
Thanks, by the way.
For spending some time listening to what I have to say.
It's nice.
You hand her the letter, and she takes it curiously.
She opens it up, and then begins to read it.
Slowly, tears start to form in her eyes as she continues to read.
She finishes the letter, wipes her eyes, and puts it down on the bench beside her.
That was one of the most beautiful things I have ever read.
You are an amazing writer!
She immediately sweeps you into a giant hug, and around the same time you feel your back crack from her embrace you realize that she is much stronger than you.
Dangerously stronger than you.
Okay its really starting to hurt now, better say something quick.
You let out an “Ow. Ow. Ow” before she lets go of you, tears streaming down her face like paper-thin waterfalls.
She smiles, grabs your hand, and runs over to the canal docks.
The shock prevents you from fighting against the force exerted on your arm, as she drags you over to the nearby docks.
You there!
Sir, we would like to book a gondola ride!
She is pointing at Path, who alights with joy apon seeing her.
Oh… o-of course!
You read the letter?
Yes, it was written beautifully!
You two must have talked about it beforehand, are you guys friends?
I mean, we just met today, but they are a fantastic person.
Path turns over to you.
I really cannot thank you enough for doing this, I would have been terrified!
Regardless, lets go over to the plaza!
I hear a show is starting soon, and they have some good food around there.
Uh… all of us?
Of course! How else would we get there?
Yeah, okay.
I guess that makes… sense?
Path starts to paddle over to the plaza through the canals.
Okay, addio!
Pray rushes outside in a power walk of vindictive and fatherly rage.
You follow, both out of curiosity and guilt for your breach of Path’s trust.
Once you both reach the canal docks, you see Path merrily cleaning any splashed water that got in his boat while whistling.
As he hears you and Pray’s footsteps, he turns around with a big grin on his face.
Hello friend! So thankful for giving h-
Hello, boy.
Path gulps, mortified.
Um… greetings, patriarca!
How may I serve you?
There is only one way you can help me, boy.
And that is?
You can leave Venice, forevermore, and then you ‘might’ find salvation from the pit in Peter's list.
Otherwise, I cannot guarantee your immortal soul’s safety.
For lies in the name of lust are terrible sins indeed.
What?
Your letter.
Pray pulls out the letter and drops it into the canal.
Path’s eyes are locked on the letter until it lands in the brackish sewage of the canal.
As the ink smears, he looks at you with pure confusion, betrayal and sadness.
He then jumps into his gondola, quickly unties it with deft skill, and starts rowing as fast as he can through the canal.
Pray yells out in rage, and jumps into a nearby gondola with the gondolier tuning his guitar idly.
Gondolier!
The gondolier turns to Pray.
Follow that boat!
The gondolier shrugs, and starts to untie his boat’s knot.
Out of desire to see how this resolves, you jump into the gondola as a high speed gondola chase through Venice begins.
After a thrilling and high-budget chase sequence with fancy effects and amazing soundtrack plays, you and Pray find yourselves back at the Plaza’s dock.
Pray tips the gondolier and steps off, you do the same.
Thats when you both see that Path’s boat has aready been docked.
Damn it!
He must be hiding in the plaza somewhere.
You assume the same, and you both run up to the plaza.
You can see a large congregation around Puck’s stage, the show must be starting.
You don’t think…
He couldn’t be THAT stupid, right?
Pray points at the show and looks at you.
You can faintly hear an incredibly high falsetto voice that sounds disapointingly familiar.
He is, in fact, that stupid.
You walk over to the show stage, hanging your heads in awe of this intellectual failure on the part of Path.
You see that the puppet show has started, and there are two marionettes in the stand: A high-voiced female puppet and a gravelly male puppet.
Pray wordlessly walks up to the stand, reaches up, and pulls Path down by his nose.
Ow!
Some of the audience laughs, some children cry, and most people are concerned and ticked off.
Boy. 
Of all the suitors that have tried to claim my daughter, you are by far the most inept.
How, in any world, was this a good idea? 
Who convinced you to go and hide as a member of a puppet show rather than just run?
You turn back to the puppet stand, where puck is sneaking out.
Hahaha… um…
{size=+20}DISTRACTION!{/size}
Puck throws down a smoke bomb and starts running away.
Pray is about to chase him aswell, but starts coughing from the smoke.
{i}Cough{/i} you know what ? {i}Cough{/i}
You {i}Cough{/i} win.
Just {i}Cough{/i} leave my daughter alone.
{i}Cough{/i} okay?
Path furiously nods, slowly backing up.
O-okay sir!
So sorry about all of this!
Uggh.
I’m getting too old for this.
But I can't stop.
I need to keep her…
Ugh…
Safe.
Safe from what?
{i}Cough{/i} Boys like you!
Boys who look and act kind, but are just there to use you!
I know what world we live in, and she is the only thing I have left!
I can't be weak, I can’t let her get hurt the way-
{cps=5}…
I’m losing my station soon, and I’m okay with that.
I’d do what I’ve done {i}per sempre{/i} if it means I can keep her safe.
Path looks at Pray with empathy, finally understanding the source of his aggression.
It’s kinda funny, isn’t it?
What is?
That we are terrified of each other.
Pray thinks for a moment, looks at Path, then nods.
I guess that is funny.
Can I tell you something funnier?
My fear consumes me.
Every waking moment of my life is stained by fear.
Fear of dark streets, fear of death, fear of loss.
I think that’s something I need to work on.
{cps=5}…
I need to stop using this to distract myself.
My behavior has been irrational and harmful, and I see that now.
If you wish to talk to my daughter in person, I can call her and explain the situation.
I think that, perhaps if I start treating her like the adult she is…
Perhaps some of that fear will go away.
I need it to.
And so it was, Pray and Path may not have got along and certainly would not for years to come, but the two had reached a kind of understanding.
Path saw that the patriarch was not as imposing as he seemed, and that Pray was just as, if not more, afraid than he was.
And Pray saw that, despite how scary it sounds, It is not just the role of a parent to protect…
It is also the role of a parent to cultivate, and eventually, release their child into the open winds of life.
{cps=20}Thus ends our tale, a of love, growth and fear.
Ending One: Afraid.
Pray rushes outside in a power walk of vindictive and fatherly rage.
You follow, both out of curiosity and guilt for throwing Puck under the bus.
Pray walks up to the nearby canal port, and you walk up behind him.
Path is cleaning up the inside of his boat, and stops when he sees Pray.
Path looks over to you, and you mouth the words ‘Act Natural’ to him.
Path nods and turns to look at Pray.
H-Hello sir!
How may I h-help you this fine morning?
We don’t have much time, take us to the Plaza!
Right away, your holiness!
Path starts rowing, uncertainly, through the canals.
The three of you arrive at the canals outside the plaza, where you and Path get off slowly.
Path is about to follow you and Pray, but you motion for him to stay.
Path nods.
Here you go, boy.
Thank you for your help.
Pray tosses some money into Path’s hands, and Path accepts it with a confused and forced smile.
You and Pray leave the port and enter the Plaza.
You and Pray walk out into the plaza. You can see Puck’s show has amassed a large crowd.
He must be over there.
I’m going to talk to him, you have already done enough.
Stay out of this, please.
Pray walks up to the show crowd.
You continue following him (obviously) but do so at more of a distance.
Puck is currently going through a scene where a clever peasant tricks a complacent aristocrat into giving him the aristocrat’s wallet.
The crowd laughs, boos, and claps as the scene unfolds, yet Pray remains stagnant, waiting for an intermission so he can talk to Puck backstage.
Eventually, that intermission comes. 
Thank you, thank you!
I shall return to the tale of ‘Brainy and Dull’ after a short five minute intermission.
Please take time to grab snacks, tip money, or just sit and relax until this bell sounds and the show resumes.
Thank you, and see you all soon!
Puck walks behind the small puppet booth into a nearby RV, and closes the door behind him.
Pray moves as if on cue, walking up to Puck’s RV seconds after.
Pray knocks on the door to the RV, and it slowly opens.
Hellooo!
Who could that be at my-
Oh!
Your holiness, at my humble show!
How do you fair this carnevale?
Busy.
Pray reaches into his pocket and pulls out the note.
Looks Familiar?
Puck takes the letter and examines it.
I cannot say it is…
Seems beautifully written though.
It is a love letter, addressed to my daughter.
Someone gave it to me earlier, and claimed that you were the one who wrote it.
I don’t-
Puck looks out at you, and then further back into the corner where the canals are.
You turn, and see Path peeking around that corner, anticipation and nervousness on his face.
Puck sees this, and smiles.
Yes, signore.
I wrote that letter.
But you just said-
I was mistaken, I have a service where I write love letters for people who cannot write them themselves.
Thus, I could not recognize this letter in particular.
Then who… who hired you?
A man by the name of Mario Finzione, some greasy man from out of town.
I am deeply sorry for this situation, and I will contact Mr Finzione myself.
Okay… good!
Pray storms off, unsatisfied with the result but willing to believe what Puck said.
Once he leaves, you and Path walk up to Puck.
Hello there Path!
How are you two doing this morning, have you had breakfast yet?
Sir… what you did for me…
What I did for you?
I’ve done nothing yet! 
After the show, i’ll get food for all of us.
My treat.
Path seems uncomfortable with this arrangement, feeling guilty for getting so much out of the performer.
Sir, surely I can p-
Puck puts his hand up to shush Path.
We can talk more later, the show is starting.
Puck walks back into his booth and the puppet show resumes.
Path exhales a sigh of relief, and looks you with thankfulness.
Thank you, for whatever you did.
That was almost really bad, and both you and Puck managed to turn it around.
I’m so lucky, to know clever people.
And so it was, you three all got food later and discussed the mornings events.
Puck never asked for anything in return from Path for what he did, and resolved to never mention it again.
Puck also gave Path a lengthy discussion about smarter practices, confidence, respect, and the benefits of online dating.
Path never got with Poem, she would move out of Venice for a job in Paris.
It would be a major shift for Pray, who lost his station and would die two years later of a heart attack.
{cps=20}Thus ends our tale, a tale of love, awkward boat rides, and clever thinking.
{cps=20}Ending Two: Happy.
You, Poem and Path are slowly moving down the canal. Poem’s eyes are affixed on you, and Path’s eyes are affixed onto her.
So, how are you liking it?
You ask her what she means.
This game.
This is a game, isn’t it?
she she sh-
she looks terrified-
She smiles and sighs at you in a loving way.
Path does the same, looking at her.
You all pull into the dock and she hops out, grabbing your arm.
She quickly tips Path and leaves while dragging you behind her.
You can see Path has a bouquet of roses that he is holding in his left hand, and when the money enters his outstretched right hand, he looks at it curiously.
Huh?
W-Wait!
Poem rounds the corner and Path goes out of sight.
Poem moves with an unnatural exuberance.
Almost like this is all an excuse to distract herself from something.
Oh! There’s a puppet show over there!
She points over at the small stage in the Plaza, and sure enough there is a show going on.
You and her walk up, and you try to find a good moment to tell her you did not write the letter.
But the crowd is so loud, and she seems so full of joy.
She sits down, watching the show with rapt attention.
Puck’s show is currently playing a scene where two lovers keep passing each other without meeting.
As you two sit down to watch, you hear something in the distance.
Wait!
It seems like Path is just full on sprinting through the plaza towards you and Poem.
You f-forgot your parasol!
And, ya know.
Me.
How is the show?
Poem looks over at him in confusion.
Thank you.
{cps=20}Uhh…
What’s your name again?
Those words shoot through Path’s heart, but he quickly composes himself.
Oh, I guess we haven’t talked much.
Did they not say my name? 
I’m Path.
Okay.
I… I wrote that letter in your hands.
That’s nice.
Have a good day si-
Poem blinks twice while processing what he just said.
You… wrote it?
'When I look at you, I see the sun.'
'You blind me.'
'I wish only that, for a moment, I am permitted to know you in this life.' 
'You are the tune I hum, the spring in my step.' 
'I want only the sadness in your eyes to dissolve, and if that were the only thing I did with my life, I would be satisfied.'
She looks at you, astounded and embarrassed.
You shrug in response, and say “I tried to talk to you, but you are freakishly strong”.
She looks at Path.
I’m… I'm sorry.
I got too caught up in all of this, I had felt so sad and when they reached out to me…
I guess I kind of latched on a bit too hard.
You massage your sore arm.
I get it.
I don’t wanna force you into doing anything, but do you wanna get coffee and talk later?
Poem thinks for a moment.
You suddenly become aware that everyone in the audience is staring at you three, and the puppet show has stopped.
You can even see Puck peeking down from where he controls his marionettes, looking at you with bated breath.
Pale is nearby in his caravan and he is fully not paying attention, doing a word search on a newpaper.
Poem finally responds.
Sure.
The crowd erupts in claps, whistles and celebration.
Path smiles with a big goofy grin on his face.
But first, lets finish watching this show.
And so it was, Poem and Path sat next to each other, actually interacting for the first time.
They did later go to that coffee shop to talk, and they found that they had a lot in common.
They both liked similar movies, music, and restaraunts around Venice.
But alas, not everything was perfect. 
When the subject turned to Venice itself, Poem made it clear she deeply wished to leave.
At this, Path was unsure how to respond.
He was in love with Poem, but he was also in love with this city and his profession.
It was the only thing he had left of his family.
Sat between that impossible choice, between the love of a woman he had idolized…
Or the city he had always known and the world he had lived in, Path had to choose.
And he did choose, with a lack of hesitation that would seem out of character to most who new him little.
In later years, when recounting this story, he said that the moment the quandry was posed to him... he knew.
He knew what was right, and would choose it again.
Two months later, Poem would take an airplane out of the city.
No one knew where she was going, not even her father.
She simply just disappeared from the face of the world, alive only in the memories of the few people that knew her.
Path got very close to knowing her, but it is a goal he could never reach.
{cps=20}That idea haunts him, and would continue to do so for many a year beyond.
Thus ends our tale, a tale of love, sadness, and lost possabilities.
Ending Three: Sad.

{b}You are not supposed to be here.{/b}
{b}Please, restart the game.{/b}
{b}You are not supposed to be here.{/b}
{b}Please, restart the game.{/b}
{b}You are not supposed to be here.{/b}
{b}Please, restart the game.{/b}
